add manifest to terms and cleanup interfaces section (#13)
alchemyplatform/EIPs: EIPS/eip-6900.md

- An **associated function** refers to either a validation function or a hook.
- A **native function** refers to a function implemented natively by the modular account, as opposed to a function added by a plugin.
- A **plugin** is a deployed smart contract that hosts any amount of the above three kinds of modular functions: execution functions, validation functions, or hooks.

> - A plugin **manifest** is responsible for describing the execution functions, validation functions, and hooks that will be configured on the MSCA during installation, as well as the plugin’s metadata, dependencies, and permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A plugin **manifest** is responsible for describing the execution functions, validation functions, and hooks that will be configured on the MSCA during installation, as well as the plugin’s metadata, dependency requirements, and permissions.
```

Rather than saying "dependencies", it would be more accurate to say "dependency requirements". The manifest does not explicitly specify which plugin addresses/instances are dependencts, but what capabilities the plugin's dependencies should support.

### Interfaces

**_Modular Smart Contract Accounts_** **MUST** implement

- `IAccount` from [ERC-4337](./eip-4337.md).
- `IPluginManager.sol` to support installing and uninstalling plugins.

> - `IStandardExecutor.sol` to support open-ended execution. **Calls to plugins through this should be reverted.**
> - `IPluginExecutor.sol` to support execution from plugins. **Calls to plugins through `executeFromPluginExternal` should be reverted.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `IStandardExecutor.sol` to support open-ended execution. **Calls to plugins through this SHOULD revert.**
- `IPluginExecutor.sol` to support execution from plugins. **Calls to plugins through `executeFromPluginExternal` SHOULD revert.**
```
